[Music]
hi
i'm divya sharma also known as dr bol
and welcome to
small budget big flavors where i'll be
showing you how to combine great food
and fine dining but in a cost effective
way and today i'll be showing you how to
make a delicious vegetarian curry and i
guarantee you won't miss
any meat
so i'll be making a roasted aubergine
curry i love this recipe as it's easy
and it only takes 15 minutes to prepare
if you're wanting to introduce more
vegetarian dishes into your lifestyle
then this is the recipe for you
so let's get cooking
so now we're ready to slice our
aubergines so i'm going to slice it
lengthwise first
and then into squares
and if you're going to be using a bigger
aubergine then you could just
cut it up into disks
all right so now i'm just going to
transfer the chopped aubergine into a
baking dish
and try and make sure that they're
spread fairly evenly
and then once they're all in we just
need to drizzle with some olive oil
and then season with some salt and some
pepper
and then we can pop these into the oven
at 200 degrees
for about 15 to 20 minutes until they're
soft
and cooked through
so now our aubergines are in the oven
we've got all our ingredients to make
our sauce so the first step
is to just drizzle some oil in a heated
pan
and then we're going to place one
chopped onion
in the pan
give them a good stir break up the
onions
it's gonna take about six minutes for
the onions to get nice and soft and
caramelized
so we can stir them and then just wait
until they're nice and golden
so now our onions are nice and
caramelized and golden we are ready to
add in our spices
and some crushed garlic
and then give that a really good mix
and keep mixing until you get those
really fragrant aromas
so that should take about a minute or
two and just keep stirring so we don't
want to burn the onions or the spices
so once we can smell those delicious
flavors this part is done
so now the aubergines are ready and we
can just pour them directly into our
onion
mixture
along with our tomatoes and our coconut
milk
and then we have to give this a really
good stir
keep mixing until it's all really well
combined
and then we just let it simmer for about
20 to 25 minutes
with the lid on and then the last five
minutes you can take the lid off so we
can get that sauce really thickened up
[Music]
so look how delicious this roasted
aubergine curry looks
it tastes like a dream and it's packed
full of flavor
you could serve yours with some
chapaties or even some rice
or just eat it straight from the bowl
like me
amazing
you